A short Trustchain crawler setup from scratch tutorial (#403)
Tribler/py-ipv8: crawler-from-scratch-tutorial.md

***How to run Trustchain Crawler from scratch?***

> This document is a short walkthrough to setup IPv8 and run Trustchain Crawler from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document is a short walkthrough to set up IPv8 and run Trustchain Crawler from scratch.
```

**Pre-requisites**
1. Git is installed. If not, please check [here](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git).
2. Python2.7 is installed. If not, please heck [here](https://www.python.org/download/releases/2.7/).

> 3. PyCharm IDE (optional) if you want to make changes to the code. Downloads link [here](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/download/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. PyCharm IDE (optional) if you want to make changes to the code. Download link [here](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/download/).
```

**Instructions**

> 1. First you need to download  `py-ipv8` source code from Github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. First you need to download the `py-ipv8` source code from Github.
```

    ```
    git clone https://github.com/tribler/py-ipv8.git
    ```

2. Install the requirements for `py-ipv8`.
    
    ```
    cd py-ipv8
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

> 3. Few additional dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. As we are running as a service, we require a few additional dependencies:
```

>     a. Libsodium (Windows only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a. Libsodium (**Windows only**)
```

    - Libsodium can be downloaded from https://download.libsodium.org/libsodium/releases/  
     For eg. https://download.libsodium.org/libsodium/releases/libsodium-1.0.17-msvc.zip
    - Extract the files from the zip file

>     - There are two extracted directories: `x64` and `Win32`. Based on your Windows, select `x64` or `Win32`, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - There are two extracted directories: `x64` and `Win32`. Select `x64` for 64-bit or `Win32` for 32-bit versions of Windows
```

    and search for `libsodium.dll`. You can find one inside `Release/v141/dynamic/libsodium.dll`
    - Copy this `libsodium.dll` file and paste it in `C:\Windows\system32`

    b. Yappi - a profiling tool
    ```
    pip install yappi
    ```

> 4. Now we are ready to run the Trustchain crawler. It is setup as a plugin based on Twisted library. To run it, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Now we are ready to run the Trustchain crawler. It is set up as a plugin based on Twisted library. To run it, 
```

execute the following in the command line (git bash) from within py-ipv8 directory.

    ```

>     export PYTHONPATH=.

Reviewer: Please also show Windows and Mac commands.

    twistd -n trustchain_crawler
    ```

> 5. At this point, IPv8 and Trustchain crawler should be running. To confirm that, open the following URL in the browser:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The Trustchain crawler should now be running. To confirm, open the following URL in the browser:
```

Also, what am I supposed to see on success?
